# Schnitzel Palace DAO - Whitepaper

## 1 Introduction

<p>
Schintzel Palace is (a candidate for) a <a href="https://docs.jmes.art/learn/about/whitepaper#324-core-daos"
target="_blank">Core DAO</a> funded direclty from the <a href="http://jmes.art/"
target="_blank">JMES blockchain</a>...
</p>

## 2 DAO Structure

The DAO redistributes JMES tokens, obtained from block rewards, to individuals who contribute projects that align with the DAO's strategy and vision. These projects can range from individual art pieces to larger, community-led developments such as recording albums or creating events.

The DAO follows the principles of full transparency, meaning that all decisions, financial transactions, and internal operations are conducted publicly. This includes how projects are proposed, selected, developed, and rewarded. All work produced within the DAO is open-source and licensed under the MIT License. The DAO's vision is to empower artists and foster a rich ecosystem of digital and physical art experiences.

# 2 Bounties

Bounties in the DAO refer to work that contributors can complete in exchange for a reward. This work can include tasks related to developing or promoting the JMES Network or the DAO itself.

Bounties start as concepts proposed by community members. There are three types of bounties: projects, services, and jobs. Each bounty type consists of tasks that are managed by admins. Admins earn a percentage commission from the rewards generated by the bounty.

## 2.1 Concepts: 
Concepts are proposals for work that the DAO should fund. When an admin accepts a concept, they create a bounty and become the owner of that bounty. The creator of the concept becomes a stakeholder for the bounty.

## 2.2 Bounty Types: 
Bounties can be categorized as projects, services, or jobs based on the type of work involved. Projects focus on product development, services involve ongoing tasks like maintenance, and jobs are one-time tasks.

## 2.3 Bounty Status: 
Each bounty can have one of three statuses: active (in progress), inactive (on-hold), or pending (accepted as a concept but not assigned to an admin).

## 2.4 Bounty Stakeholders: 
Admins may involve subject area experts or key stakeholders in decision-making by assigning them stakeholder tasks.

## 2.5 Tasks: 
Tasks are the units of work within the DAO. They can be completed by users for specified rewards. There are five task types: stakeholder tasks, specification tasks, design tasks, production tasks, and QA tasks.

## 2.6 Claims: 
When a user completes a task, they can create a claim to receive the specified reward. Admins approve or reject these claims, and if approved, the task reward is awarded to the user within 7 days.

## 2.7 Rewards: 
Rewards in the DAO are awarded in JMES tokens. Each task type has a range for the minimum and maximum rewards, and admins earn a commission for approving claims on tasks they own.

Note: Placeholder values are currently used for the reward amounts, and the rules will be updated once the JMES valuation stabilizes.

# 3 Contributing

Contributing to the DAO involves completing tasks on bounties to earn rewards. Rewards can also be earned by proposing new concepts for bounties that get accepted.

When proposing a concept, anyone can submit it, and an admin can accept it if it meets the acceptance criteria. The concept reward is paid to the specified address if it is accepted.

For job tasks, anyone can claim the reward without needing to reserve the task. Simply use the claims process to claim the reward.

Tasks other than jobs can be reserved. This means you can have exclusive rights to claim the task until the due date by discussing with the task's admin and negotiating the reward. Once completed, use the claims process to claim the reward.

To claim a task's reward, provide the necessary information such as the source for the task's output, relevant deploy links, and a valid JMES address to receive the reward. Creating a claim on Trello by leaving a comment on the bounty's Trello card is the recommended method.

In some cases, users may wish to decline rewards. Although strongly discouraged, users can create a null claim by specifying 'NULL' as the JMES address, indicating that the reward is declined.

Note: To participate in reserving tasks, it is necessary to join as a member of the Trello board by leaving a comment on the Member Signup Card.

# 4 Admins

Admins are a group of users in the DAO who manage bounties and earn commissions on completed tasks. They are responsible for various aspects of the DAO's operations.

Admins have the authority to create and manage bounties, and they can also act as contributors by completing tasks set by other admins. However, they cannot set the pricing, reserve tasks, or approve tasks for themselves.

Admins have additional rights, such as appointing other admins and maintaining the rules of the DAO. They play a crucial role in managing the DAO's funds and incentivizing contributors to produce output.

When accepting a concept, admins create a bounty and become the owner of that bounty. They can also accept concepts proposed by other users. Concept acceptance criteria ensure that the concept aligns with the DAO's goals.

Admins have the ownership and management rights of bounties they create. They can appoint secondary admins to assist in managing the bounty. Forking a bounty allows admins to create a new bounty based on the original concept with modifications or alternative implementations.

Admins can create tasks within the bounties they own or co-own. Task ownership allows admins to edit, process claims, and transfer tasks. Reserving tasks is necessary for most task types, except for job tasks. Admins can negotiate terms and due dates with users reserving tasks.

When users complete tasks, they create claims that need to be processed by the task owner admin. Approved claims receive rewards, and admins can dispute claims if needed. Retention of task output ensures that the DAO retains copies of the completed work.

Admins receive commissions on awarded task claims. Commission rates vary based on the number of claims approved in the previous 30 days. Admins can also earn commission bonuses based on their level of activity.

Admins are responsible for the governance of the DAO, including appointing or removing admins and updating the rules. A majority vote among admins is required for administrative decisions.

Note: Admins play a vital role in managing bounties, ensuring transparency, and driving the DAO's operations.

# 5 Funds

Funds in the DAO are obtained through proposals submitted to the JMES Network. These proposals outline the funding requirements for the DAO and are tracked through tasks owned by admins within the bounty system. All spending is transparent and can be verified through transactions on the JMES blockchain.

The DAO operates with a rolling budget, where funds are received into the DAO wallet and pooled across proposals. The budget is available to admins for allocation to bounties and task rewards.

The proposal owners (POs) are responsible for overseeing the funds and raising governance proposals. They control the multi-sig wallet of the DAO identity. The POs ensure that funds are used solely for approved task claims that align with the rules. They have additional intervention rights to maintain adherence to the rules.

The DAO is working towards full decentralization, where code automation and smart contracts will handle fund management. Budgeting and claw-back mechanisms for unspent funds are being considered to prevent the accumulation of large fund reserves.

Auditing of the DAO can be conducted by anyone. The accounts can be audited by comparing the total funds spent on the blockchain with the total task claims awarded in the payments sheet. The work conducted in the DAO can be audited to ensure compliance with the rules and the quality of output.

Note: Auditing the DAO ensures transparency and adherence to the rules, and helps maintain accountability and trust within the community.

# 6 Resources

Below are links to all resources needed to access, fork or audit every aspect of the DAO, to satisfy our full transparency requirements.

## 6.1 Network

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Resource</strong></td>
        <td><strong>Link</strong></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Website</td>
        <td><a  href="https://schnitzelpalace.io">SchnitzelPalace.io</a></td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
        <td>JMES Blockchain</td>
        <td><a  href="https://jmes.art">jmes.art</a></td>
    </tr>   
</table>

## 6.2 DAO

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Resource</strong></td>
        <td><strong>Link</strong></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Website</td>
        <td><a  href="https://schnitzelpalace.io">SchnitzelPalace.io</a></td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
        <td>Github</td>
        <td><a  href="https://github.com/schnitzelpalace/">github.com/schnitzelpalace</a></td>
    </tr>   
    <tr>
        <td>Rules</td>
        <td><a  href="https://github.com/schnitzelpalace/palace-website">DAO Rules</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Chat</td>
        <td><a  href="http://chat.schnitzelpalace.io/">Schnitzel Palace Discord</a></td>
    </tr>
</table>

## 6.3 Bounty System

<table>
<tr>
<td><strong>Resource</strong></td>
<td><strong>Link</strong></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Bounties</td>
    <td><a  href="https://trello.com/">Trello</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Member Signup</td>
    <td><a  href="https://trello.com/">Signup</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Request a bounty</td>
    <td><a  href="https://trello.com/">New Concept</a></td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Resources</td>
    <td><a  href="https://trello.com/">Tools & Resources</a></td>
</tr>
</table>

## 6.4 Accounts

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Resource</strong></td>
        <td><strong>Link</strong></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>DAO Wallet</td>
        <td><a  href="#TBC">TBC</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Payments Sheet</td>
        <td><a  href="#">Payments Sheet</a></td>
    </tr>
</table>

## 6.5 Proposals

<table>
    <tr>
        <td><strong>Resource</strong></td>
        <td><strong>Link</strong></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Initial Proposal</td>
        <td><a  href="#TBC">TBC</a></td>
    </tr>
</table>
